Just one drink!
Gonna keep it mellow.
Responsible night for a polite fellow.
Say hello to my friends and comrades.
Don't tend to offend, so I say perhaps.
Just two drinks!
as a social courtesy.
We can raise a glass to our past fraternity.
And certainly a perfectly normal informal get together,
but it’s been forever since we gathered, so whatever.
Just three drinks!
For the sake of the old times.
Proceed with tequila shots with a dish full of cold limes.
The whole nine, laughing remembering all the old lines.
Never used to work but I could give 'em another try.
Just four drinks!
Y’know, take the edge off.
I've had a hard week, I deserve to get sauced.
Pick up another round as my friends depart, and
they may not stick around, but I just got started.
Feel so much better than usual
I feel indisputable
OHHHH
I think that I might be beautiful
Juuust five drinks!
F**kin' treat myself!
Pour the Dom Perignon from the back of the top shelf.
Spend like god, put on airs to sell it.
Crowd pretends not to care, but I know they're jealous.
Just six drinks!
Let's slip the dogs of war!
Gonna start a f**kin' riot 'till I'm tossed out the front door.
Zero to sixty, I can turn on a dime,
I'm hitting bottom and I'm feeling like committing a crime.
Just eight drinks!
Maybe I've lost count?
I can't remember the night, what I drank, or the amount.
I'm fading in and out,
my very consciousness is crumbling....
Sorry, was I saying something?
Twelve drinks!
Strolling out of the hospital.
Is it hair of the dog if you say drunk it don't stop at all?
Another night losing it more than I can afford.
Was I just feeling bored? Am I that insecure?
Feels so much better than usual.
I feel indisputable.
OHHHHH
But now I’m feeling so beautiful.
Don't wake me up from this spell I'm under,
if I'm still breathing.
I know that I will be ugly when
I feel like myself again.
OHHHH
But now I'm feeling so beautiful.
Bottle of scotch served on the rocks with a shot of cachaca.
Vodka sake kamikaze with a handle of sherry a
cherry brandy with a jaeger chaser champagne float.
A bourbon hot toddy in teacup of throat coat.
Martini bellini negroni baileys kahlua sambuca.
Soju paloma mojito gimlet frangelico guinness.
Tequila manhattan a margarita old fashioned.
Dry vermouth and something I can’t taste 'cause I’m so trashed.
Soldiering over I’m slower shoulder to shoulder with no one,
stumbling sobering making friends with a smoker.
I know I’m less than upright, losing the fight with the ground.
Then someone hits the lights as they close for the night now.
Try to look at heaven and I can’t see the stars.
A billion trillion eyes are winking as I walk between parked cars.
Metabolizing liquor while I’m losing my friends.
I’m gonna hate myself tomorrow, then I’ll do it again.
Naa na na na naa
na na na na na naa na
*CHORUS*
Feel so much better than usual.
I feel indisputable.
OHHHH
But now I'm feeling so beautiful.
Don’t wake me up from this spell I’m under,
if I’m still breathing.
I know that I will be ugly when
I feel like myself again.
OHHHH
But now I’m feeling so beautiful.
My vision is blurry,
as long as I’m thirsty,
nobody can hurt me.
Hurt me.
Hurt me...